[Vuetify] Add HeroDevs as a support provider. (#7182)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/vuetify.md

Reviewer: The herodevs tags is missing.

    eol: 2020-07-31
    latest: "1.5.24"
    lts: 2019-07-31

>     eoes: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Was there commercial support for vuetify 1 in the past ? If not this should be removed.

Each major release is supported with critical and security fixes for [a minimum of 18 months](https://vuetifyjs.com/introduction/long-term-support/)
from the date of release of the last minor version in a given cycle, which marks the start of LTS.

> [Commercial support](https://v2.vuetifyjs.com/en/about/eol) to secure end of life versions of Vuetify is available from HeroDevs as part of their [Never-Ending Support initiative for Vuetify](https://www.herodevs.com/support/vuetify-nes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commercial support for Vuetify 2.x is available through the [HeroDevs Never-Ending Support](https://www.herodevs.com/support/vuetify-nes) initiative. For more information, see [Vuetify 2 docs](https://v2.vuetifyjs.com/en/about/eol).
```

Suggestion to align with https://endoflife.date/vue.
